Kubernetes Installer v2023.01.31-0 release notes (#920)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer.md

* Adds [Sonobuoy add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/sonobuoy) version 0.56.15.
* Adds [Containerd add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/containerd) version 1.6.16.
* Adds [Velero add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/velero) version 1.9.5.
* Adds a `serverFlags` configuration option to the [Velero add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/velero) to allow users to pass additional flags to the `velero server` command in the Velero pod. This can also be set using the [velero-server-flags](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/advanced-options#reference) cli flag when running the install script.

### Improvements {#improvements-v2023-01-31-0}
* Adds TCP connection host preflight checks for ports 2379 and 6443.
* Adds new weave `version 2.8.1-20230130` to address the [CVE-2022-43551](https://avd.aquasec.com/nvd/cve-2022-43551) which is high.
* Adds a warning message when Flannel is the cluster CNI suggesting the user check that UDP port 8472 is open when joining a node or migrating from Weave to Flannel.
* Adds Flannel UDP port 8472 status preflight check.

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-v2023-01-31-0}

> * Fixes an error updating Kubernetes from 1.21 to 1.23.{0-14} and 1.22 to 1.24.{0-8} in airgap environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an error faced by missed images from registry.k8s.io when updating Kubernetes from 1.21 to 1.23.{0-14} and 1.22 to 1.24.{0-8} in airgap environments.
```

* Fixes an issue that could cause Flannel pods on remote airgapped nodes to fail with ImagePullBackoff errors.

> * fix: path to find the manifest filesystem-singlenode.yaml to apply patch from rook version 1.6.11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fix error into Rook upgrades to 1.6.11 and upper versions faced because the filesystem-singlenode.yaml manifest is not found
```
